Write docs for ESM Views (#1704)
jpmorganchase/modular: docs/commands/add.md

> Packages can currently be one of 3 types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages can currently be one of the following types:
```

> - A standalone `application`. This corresponds to a single `create-react-app`

Reviewer: The `modular.type` constant is `app` isn't it?

```suggestion
- A standalone `app`. This corresponds to a single `create-react-app`
```

Packages can currently be one of 3 types:

- A standalone `application`. This corresponds to a single `create-react-app`
  project in a workspace. Inside this workspace, you can import packages from
  other workspaces freely, and features like jsx and typechecking work out of
  the box.

- An `esm-view`, which is a package that typically exports a React component by
  default. ESM Views are built as ESM modules that can be `import`ed at runtime
  by an host to implement a [micro frontend](../concepts/microfrontends.md)
  architecture or started as a normal standalone application, thanks to an
  automatically generated `index.html` file. See also
  [the view building reference](../building-apps/esm-views.md)

> - A `view`, which is a package that exports a React component by default. Views

Author: Agree, less is more, removed.

  are primary, top-level components in `modular`. Read more about Views in
  [this explainer](../concepts/views.md).

> - A typical javascript `package`. You can use this to create any other kind of

Author: Done.
